
Below are the list of Observations derived by the EDA process
1. More bookings are made in City Hotels than Resort Hotel
2. November, December, January, February are the month having least bookings. Mid-year months have more bookings
3. The country of Portugal (PRT) has significantly higher number of bookings compared to any other countries.
4. We can see that the avg daily rate for Resort Hotels are more spread compared to City Hotels although have lesser median rate.
5.  We can see mid-year months have higher daily prices which is obvious as No. of bookings for mid-year months are high.
6.  Here we observe that Highest daily price (for each year) is increasing every year.
7.  Almost half of bookings was done through Online Travel Agents (TA). More than 90% bookings was done by Online TA, Offline TA/TO, Groups & Direct.
8. Almost 90% of total guests books meal in their bookings, among which majority books meal of type BB.
9.  As expected most bookings are done within 100 days of check-in date to hotel.
 10.  Almost similar number of special request per guest with slightly more requests in July, August & December.
11. Almost every customer type makes more bookings in City Hotels compared to Resort Hotel.
 12. Looking at the distribution, most people do not seem to prefer to stay at the hotel for more than 1 week. But it seems normal to stay in resort hotels for more than a week. Although this changes according to the segments, staying longer than 15 days certainly creates outliers for each segment.

13. For City Hotels the percentage cancellations are similar across all months whereas for Resort Hotels there are more cancellations during mid-year months of the year.
14.  Bookings having less lead time are less often cancelled whereas high lead time bookings are more often cancelled. It shows positive correlation.
15.   We observe that repeated guests cancels their bookings less often than new guests.
16. We can see that Group Bookings gets cancelled more often. Direct segment has quite low cancellation rate compared to total number of bookings. For Offline TA/TO & Online TA have almost 50% cancellation rates.
 17.  We can see that more than 93% guests don't need parking space and almost 6% guests need parking space for 1 car.
18. Most of guests reserves rooms of type 'A', also significant number of guests also reserves room type 'D' & 'E'. Demand for rest types are very minimal.
19. Obviously, Room types A, D and E have more demand hence more denials.
